Improve 'Updating the kit' (#900)
alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit: docs/documentation/updating-the-kit.md

# Updating to the latest version

> 1. Make a backup copy of your prototype folder.

Author: I'm not sure if that would simplify things - because the user would need to (or feel they need to) refer back and forth to that list while going through the steps. It's easier for the user if each step is super-clear which folder we mean. Definitely let me know if any of the steps could be clearer on that.

> 1. Make a backup copy of your prototype folder.

Reviewer: That makes sense 👍

> 1. Make a backup copy of your prototype folder.

Reviewer: I've added a couple more comments to clarify which folder we're talking about each step.

2. In your prototype, delete everything except the `app` and `.git` folders.

>    You may not be able to see the `.git` folder because files and folders that start with `.` are hidden by default.

Reviewer: This doesn't tell the user what to do if this happens. I think we should be okay to say that if they can't see the `.git` folder, they don't have to do anything because they shouldn't be able to delete an invisible folder from a file explorer. 

(It doesn't seem likely they would use the terminal to remove the files as they're not deleting all of them - but if they did, they would have to add flags to stop also `.app` being deleted - and if you can do that, you should know how to handle this step without deleting `.git`.)

Author: Good point, and Joe and I had a discussion about it. We felt that if they can't see the folder, the clear implication is 'you don't need to worry about it' - because we mentioned leaving it alone anyway. This is an assumption we'll watch out for during testing though.

Reviewer: To me the wording is inconclusive. I feel like the user might be left hanging and thinking: if I can't see it, do I need to make sure it's there anyway? 
But let's see what comes back from testing 👍

3. [Download the zip file of the latest version of the Prototype Kit](/docs/download).
  
4. Unzip the zip file.
 

> 5. Copy all the folders except the `app` folder to your prototype.

Reviewer: To be super clear, could we say:

> all the folders from the unzipped folder

> 6. Copy the `app/config.js` file to the `app` folder of your prototype.

Reviewer: Is it worth clarifying that they're copying `app/config.js` from the unzipped folder?

Author: Ah yes, good call. I've added in the suggestion above.

> 6. Copy the `app/config.js` file to the `app` folder of your prototype.

Author: Good point. What do you think about the below?

```suggestion
6. Replace the `app/config.js` file in your prototype with the `app/config.js` file from the unzipped folder.
```

> 6. Copy the `app/config.js` file to the `app` folder of your prototype.

Reviewer: @m-green Makes sense 👍

> 7. Compare your new `config.js` file to the `config.js` file in the backup you made in step 1, and copy over anything you need to - for example your service name.

Reviewer: > copy over anything you need to from the backup file

> 8. Copy the `app/assets/sass/patterns` folder to your prototype.

Reviewer: Again mentioning that this is from zip might be helpful.

Author: Good plan - I'll add.

> 9. Copy the `app/assets/sass/components` folder to your prototype.

Reviewer: > from the unzipped folder

10. Open the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in the unzipped folder.

10. Copy everything down to `// Add extra styles here`, then paste it above `// Add extra styles here` in the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in your prototype.

> 11. Check the [latest Prototype Kit release note](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/releases/latest) and follow any guidance on updating your protoype.

Reviewer: This is tricky because they could have updated several major versions up but this will only show them the latest release note (which might not even be the last breaking one) so they could be missing out on lots of changes they should make.

Author: It is potentially an issue, and Joe and I discussed this ourselves too (as in the original version I'd tried to explain about following each version's release notes). On balance, we feel that if they're several versions behind, it's likely they'll hit further problems anyway. So we're best not tying ourselves in knots trying to explain about going back through versions.

Reviewer: Yes it's not an easy problem to solve 😞 But it feels like we should at least try to make them aware of the release notes for earlier breaking releases.
> If your prototype is quite old, you might need to make further changes to make it work with the new kit. See [release notes](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/releases) and follow any guidance given for the versions released before your version*.  

*your version = they might need to make a note of [`VERSION.txt`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/blob/master/VERSION.txt) before they start updating.

If the user understands that earlier versions might require them to make changes (even if they haven't made them yet), they might make that connection when they hit further problems and understand they need to go back and follow the instructions in the release notes. Trying to fix problems caused by jumping releases without understanding that you should consult release notes could be a big blocker.

# Updating to the latest version

1. Make a backup copy of your prototype folder.

2. In your prototype, delete everything except the `app` and `.git` folders.

   You may not be able to see the `.git` folder because files and folders that start with `.` are hidden by default.

3. [Download the zip file of the latest version of the Prototype Kit](/docs/download).
  
4. Unzip the zip file.
 
5. Copy all the folders from the unzipped folder to your prototype, except the `app` folder.

6. Replace the `app/config.js` file in your prototype with the `app/config.js` file from the unzipped folder.

7. Compare your new `config.js` file to the `config.js` file in the backup you made in step 1, and copy over anything you need to from the backup - for example your service name.

8. Copy the `app/assets/sass/patterns` from the unzipped folder to your prototype.

9. Copy the `app/assets/sass/components` from the unzipped folder to your prototype.

> 10. Open the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` from the unzipped folder in the unzipped folder.

Author: Oops! Thanks for spotting - fixed.

10. Copy everything down to `// Add extra styles here`, then paste it above `// Add extra styles here` in the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in your prototype.

11. Check the [latest Prototype Kit release note](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/releases/latest) and follow any guidance on updating your prototype.

>     If your prototype has not been updated for a long time, you should also follow any guidance in release notes between the version you're updating from and the latest version. You can find out the version you're updating from in the `VERSION.txt` file in your prototype folder.

Author: Good idea - added in b0142b7.

>     If your prototype has not been updated for a long time, you should also follow any guidance in release notes between the version you're updating from and the latest version. You can find out the version you're updating from in the `VERSION.txt` file in your prototype folder.

Author: Makes sense - I've changed to 'backup folder' in b0142b7.

>     If your prototype has not been updated for a long time, you should also follow any guidance in release notes between the version you're updating from and the latest version. You can find out the version you're updating from in the `VERSION.txt` file in your prototype folder.

Reviewer: 👍

10. Open the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in the unzipped folder.

11. Copy everything down to `// Add extra styles here`, then paste it into the `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in your prototype so it replaces everything above `// Add extra styles here`.

12. Save the updated `app/assets/sass/application.scss` file in your prototype.

13. Check the [latest Prototype Kit release note](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/releases/latest) and follow any guidance on updating your prototype.

    If your prototype has not been updated for a long time, you should also follow any guidance in [release notes](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-prototype-kit/releases) between the version you're updating from and the latest version. You can find out the version you're updating from in the `VERSION.txt` file in your backup folder.

14. In your [terminal](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/requirements.md#terminal), `cd` to your prototype folder.

15. Run `npm install`.

    This may take up to a minute. You can ignore any lines in the log that start with `WARN`.

16. [Run the kit and check it works](/docs/install/run-the-kit).

> ## Get help

Reviewer: @m-green Noticed that this heading is not rendering correctly, probably because the hash characters were copied over from a doc or similar. 

<img width="347" alt="Screenshot 2020-07-08 at 09 44 10" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5007934/86898153-3fa28e00-c100-11ea-92a1-6fa7457e1890.png">

The hashes just need to be replaced with a code editor to fix this 🙂

Author: Hi @hannalaakso  - that heading seems to work ok for me? 🤔 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/20596506/86900763-a70e0d00-c103-11ea-90e9-108f125964e4.png)

Author: @hannalaakso Don't worry - Joe fixed it! Looks like it was the space after the hashes rather than the hashes themselves.

# Updating to the latest version

You can update to the latest version of the GOV.UK Prototype Kit if you want to either:

- use a new component

> - improve how your prototype meets accessibility requirements

Reviewer 2: there are other reasons to update - new features in the kit, new styles, bug fixes and so on. Really we want to encourage people to keep up to date as much as possible

Author: Discussed with Joe and resolved in e87063a

You can update using either:

> - Node.js package manager (npm)

Reviewer 2: no people shouldnt do this. If they do they will miss any updates in the kit itself

Author: Discussed with Joe and resolved in e87063a

- a zip file - if updating with npm does not work 

## Update using npm

1. In your [terminal](https://govuk-prototype-kit.herokuapp.com/docs/install/requirements.md#terminal), `cd` to your prototype folder.

2. Run `npm update govuk-frontend`.

3. [Run the kit and check it works](/docs/install/run-the-kit).

If your prototype does not work or does not look right, try updating using a zip file instead.

## Update using a zip file

> 1. Make a backup copy of all your prototype's folders.

Reviewer 2: I'd say 'your prototype folder'

Author: Discussed with Joe and resolved in e87063a
